src/pages/blog/2017-01-04-a-beginners-guide-to-brewing-with-chemex.md, before:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: A beginners’ guide to brewing with Chemex
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/chemex.jpg
description: Brewing with a Chemex probably seems like a complicated, time-consuming ordeal, but once you get used to the process, it becomes a soothing ritual that's worth the effort every time.
tags:
  - brewing
  - chemex
---
![chemex](/img/chemex.jpg)

This week we’ll **take** a look at all the steps required to make astonishing coffee with a Chemex at home. The Chemex Coffeemaker is a manual, pour-over style glass-container coffeemaker that Peter Schlumbohm invented in 1941, and which continues to be manufactured by the Chemex Corporation in Chicopee, Massachusetts.

In 1958, designers at the [Illinois Institute of Technology](https://www.spacefarm.digital) said that the Chemex Coffeemaker is _"one of the best-designed products of modern times"_, and so is included in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.

## The little secrets of Chemex brewing

The Chemex Coffeemaker consists of an hourglass-shaped glass flask with a conical funnel-like neck (rather than the cylindrical neck of an Erlenmeyer flask) and uses proprietary filters, made of bonded paper (thicker-gauge paper than the standard paper filters for a drip-method coffeemaker) that removes most of the coffee oils, brewing coffee with a taste that is different than coffee brewed in other coffee-making systems; also, the thicker paper of the Chemex coffee filters may assist in removing cafestol, a cholesterol-containing compound found in coffee oils. Here’s three important tips newbies forget about:

1. Always buy dedicated Chemex filters.
2. Use a scale, don’t try to eyeball it.
3. Never skip preheating the glass.
4. Timing is key, don’t forget the clock.

The most visually distinctive feature of the Chemex is the heatproof wooden collar around the neck, allowing it to be handled and poured when full of hot water. This is turned, then split in two to allow it to fit around the glass neck. The two pieces are held loosely in place by a tied leather thong. The pieces are not tied tightly and can still move slightly, retained by the shape of the conical glass.

For a design piece that became popular post-war at a time of Modernism and precision manufacture, this juxtaposition of natural wood and the organic nature of a hand-tied knot with the laboratory nature of glassware was a distinctive feature of its appearance.

Commit message:

Update Blog “2017-01-04-a-beginners-guide-to-brewing-with-chemex”

src/pages/blog/2017-01-04-a-beginners-guide-to-brewing-with-chemex.md, after:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Hello world
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
description: >-
  Your very first content with Contentful, pulled in JSON format using the
  Content Delivery API.
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/cameron-kirby-88711.jpg
tags:
  - general
---
These is your very first content with Contentful, pulled in JSON format using the [Content Delivery API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/content-delivery-api/ "Content Delivery API"). Content and presentation are now decoupled, allowing you to focus your efforts in building the perfect app.

## Your first steps

Building with Contentful is easy. First take a moment to get [the basics of content modelling](https://www.contentful.com/r/knowledgebase/content-modelling-basics/ "the basics of content modelling"), which you can set up in the [Contentful Web app](https://app.contentful.com/ "Contentful Web app"). Once you get that, feel free to drop by the [Documentation](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/ "Documentation") to learn a bit more about how to build your app with Contentful, in particular the [API basics](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/concepts/apis/ "API basics") and each one of our four APIs, as shown below.

### Content Delivery API

The [Content Delivery API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/content-delivery-api/ "Content Delivery API") (CDA), available at `cdn.contentful.com`, is a read-only API for delivering content from Contentful to apps, websites and other media. Content is delivered as JSON data, and images, videos and other media as files.
The API is available via a globally distributed content delivery network. The server closest to the user serves all content, both JSON and binary. This minimizes latency, which especially benefits mobile apps. Hosting content in multiple global data centers also greatly improves the availability of content.

### Content Management API

The [Content Management API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/content-management-api/ "Content Management API") (CMA), available at `api.contentful.com`, is a read-write API for managing content. Unlike the Content Delivery API, the management API requires you to authenticate as a Contentful user. You could use the CMA for several use cases, such as:
* Automatic imports from different CMSes like WordPress or Drupal.
* Integration with other backend systems, such as an e-commerce shop.
* Building custom editing experiences. We built the [Contentful Web app](https://app.contentful.com/ "Contentful Web app") on top of this API.

### Preview API

The [Content Preview API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/concepts/apis/#content-preview-api "Content Preview API"), available at `preview.contentful.com`, is a variant of the CDA for previewing your content before delivering it to your customers. You use the Content Preview API in combination with a "preview" deployment of your website (or a "preview" build of your mobile app) that allows content managers and authors to view their work in-context, as if it were published, using a "preview" access token as though it were delivered by the CDA.

### Images API

The [Images API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/concepts/apis/#images-api "Images API"), available at `images.contentful.com`, allows you to resize and crop images, change their background color and convert them to different formats. Using our API for these transformations lets you upload high-quality assets, deliver exactly what your app needs, and still get all the benefits of our caching CDN.
