src/pages/blog/2017-01-04-just-in-small-batch-of-jamaican-blue-mountain-in-store-next-week.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: 'Just in: small batch of Jamaican Blue Mountain in store next week'
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
featuredpost: true
description: >-
  We’re proud to announce that we’ll be offering a small batch of Jamaica Blue
  Mountain coffee beans in our store next week.
tags:
  - jamaica
  - green beans
  - flavor
  - tasting
---

We expect the shipment of a limited quantity of green beans next Monday. We’ll be offering the roasted beans from Tuesday, but quantities are limited, so be quick.

Blue Mountain Peak is the highest mountain in Jamaica and one of the highest peaks in the Caribbean at 7,402 ft. It is the home of Blue Mountain coffee and their famous tours. It is located on the border of the Portland and Saint Thomas parishes of Jamaica.

## A little history

The Blue Mountains are considered by many to be a hiker's and camper's paradise. The traditional Blue Mountain trek is a 7-mile hike to the peak and consists of a 3,000-foot increase in elevation. Jamaicans prefer to reach the peak at sunrise, thus the 3–4 hour hike is usually undertaken in darkness. Since the sky is usually very clear in the mornings, Cuba can be seen in the distance.

>Some of the plants found on the Blue Mountain cannot be found anywhere else in the world and they are often of a dwarfed sort.

This is mainly due to the cold climate which inhibits growth. The small coffee farming communities of Claverty Cottage and Hagley Gap are located near the peak.

## What you need to know before trying

Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee or Jamaica Blue Mountain Coffee is a classification of coffee grown in the Blue Mountains of Jamaica. The best lots of Blue Mountain coffee are noted for their mild flavor and lack of bitterness. Over the past few decades, this coffee has developed a reputation that has made it one of the most expensive and sought-after coffees in the world. Over 80% of all Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee is exported to Japan. In addition to its use for brewed coffee, the beans are the flavor base of Tia Maria coffee liqueur.

Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee is a globally protected certification mark, meaning only coffee certified by the Coffee Industry Board of Jamaica can be labeled as such. It comes from a recognized growing region in the Blue Mountain region of Jamaica, and its cultivation is monitored by the Coffee Industry Board of Jamaica.

The Blue Mountains are generally located between Kingston to the south and Port Antonio to the north. Rising 7,402 ft, they are some of the highest mountains in the Caribbean. The climate of the region is cool and misty with high rainfall. The soil is rich, with excellent drainage. This combination of climate and soil is considered ideal for coffee.

Commit message:

Update Blog “2017-01-04-just-in-small-batch-of-jamaican-blue-mountain-in-store-next-week”

src/pages/blog/2017-01-04-just-in-small-batch-of-jamaican-blue-mountain-in-store-next-week.md, after:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Static sites are great
date: 2017-01-04T15:04:10.000Z
description: >-
  Worry less about security, caching, and talking to the server. Static sites
  are the new thing.
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/denys-nevozhai-100695.jpg
tags:
  - javascript static-sites
---
## The case for the static site generator

More and more developers are jumping on the "go static train", and rightfully so. Static pages are fast, lightweight, they scale well. They are more secure, and simple to maintain and they allow you to focus all your time and effort on the user interface. Often times, this dedication really shows.

It just so happens that static site generators are mostly loved by developers, but not by the average Joe. They do not offer WYSIWYG, previewing on demo sites may take an update cycle, they are often based on markdown text files, and they require some knowledge of modern day repositories.

Moreover, when teams are collaborating, it can get complicated quickly. Has this article already been proof-read or reviewed? Is this input valid? Are user permissions available, e.g. for administering adding and removing team members? Can this article be published at a future date? How can a large repository of content be categorized, organized, and searched? All these requirements have previously been more or less solved within the admin area of your CMS. But of course with all the baggage that made you leave the appserver-app-database-in-one-big-blob stack in the first place.

## Content APIs to the rescue

An alternative is decoupling the content management aspect from the system. And then replacing the maintenance prone server with a cloud based web service offering. Effectively, instead of your CMS of old, you move to a [Content Management as a Service (CMaaS)](https://www.contentful.com/r/knowledgebase/content-as-a-service/ "Content Management as a Service (CMaaS)") world, with a content API to deliver all your content. That way, you get the all the [benefits of content management features](http://www.digett.com/blog/01/16/2014/pairing-static-websites-cms "benefits of content management features") while still being able to embrace the static site generator mantra.

It so happens that Contentful is offering just that kind of content API. A service that

* from the ground up has been designed to be fast, scalable, secure, and offer high uptime, so that you don’t have to worry about maintenance ever again.
* offers a powerful editor and lots of flexibility in creating templates for your documents that your editors can reuse and combine, so that no developers resources are required in everyday writing and updating tasks.
* separates content from presentation, so you can reuse your content repository for any device platform your heart desires. That way, you can COPE ("create once, publish everywhere").
* offers webhooks that you can use to rebuild your static site in a fully automated fashion every time your content is modified.

Extracted from the article [CMS-functionality for static site generators](https://www.contentful.com/r/knowledgebase/contentful-api-cms-static-site-generators/ "CMS-functionality for static site generators"). Read more about the [static site generators supported by Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/tools/staticsitegenerators/ "static site generators supported by Contentful").
